Create Objective-C wrapper project (framework) for GliaWidgets SDK (#150)
salemove/ios-bundle: GliaWidgetsObjC/README.md

> ## Objective-C wrapper for [GliaWidgets](https://github.com/salemove/ios-sdk-widgets)

Reviewer: I think that tech writers need to go through this Readme to ensure that the language is appropriate.

> ## Objective-C wrapper for [GliaWidgets](https://github.com/salemove/ios-sdk-widgets)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Objective-C Wrapper for [Glia Widgets](https://github.com/salemove/ios-sdk-widgets)
```

> GliaWidgetsSDK developed used pure Swift and doesn't provide Objective-C compatible interfaces. This sample Xcode project shows possibility to get full compatibility with Objective-C.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Glia Widgets iOS SDK is developed using pure Swift and does not provide Objective-C compatible interfaces. This sample Xcode project shows the possibility to get full compatibility with Objective-C.
```

> ##### NB! This project is not updating with latest released GliaWidgetsSDK versions and shows how to get Objective-C interfaces only.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**NB! This project is not kept up to date with latest GliaWidgetsSDK releases, is only shows how to get Objective-C interfaces.**
```

Reviewer 3: **NB! This project is not kept up to date with latest GliaWidgetsSDK releases. It only shows how to get Objective-C interfaces.**

> ### Project

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Project
```

> Xcode project nests all GliaWidgetsSDK frameworks, introduces `GliaWidgetsWrapper.swift` that maps Swift interfaces to Objective-C.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Xcode project nests all Glia Widgets SDK frameworks by introducing `GliaWidgetsWrapper.swift` that maps Swift interfaces to Objective-C.
```

> ### How does it work?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Working Principle
```

The `@objc` and `@objcMembers` attributes in Swift make Swift API available in Objective-C and the Objective-C runtime.

> ### How to use

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Using the Wrapper
```

> To import and use `ios-sdk-widgets-objc` framework you need to:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To import and use the `ios-sdk-widgets-objc` framework you need to:
```

> - update nested frameworks to latest versions. [See "Update Dependency"](#update-dependency)

Reviewer 2: Making it a numbered list because I assume it's best to do these things in this order:
```suggestion
1. Update the nested frameworks to latest versions. See ["Updating Dependencies"](#updating-dependencies) for guidelines.
```

> - build Xcode project to get `framework` in `Products` folder.

Reviewer 2: Not 100% sure of this, but if you use "get", maybe it's "to folder" not "in folder"? But it depends what is actually happening here technically :) 
```suggestion
2. Build the Xcode project to get `framework` to the `Products` folder.
```

> ### Update Dependency

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Updating Dependencies
```

> The Xcode project doesn't use auto-updated dependency manager. To update dependencies you can update it manually  using links from [Package.swift](https://github.com/salemove/ios-sdk-widgets/blob/master/Package.swift) in official repository or add Swift Package Manager usage into project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Xcode project does not use auto-updated dependency manager. To update dependencies, you can update the dependency manager manually using links from [Package.swift](https://github.com/salemove/ios-sdk-widgets/blob/master/Package.swift) in Glia Widgets iOS SDK official repository or add Swift Package Manager usage into project.
```
